Add Delta Chat (#260)
redecentralize/alternative-internet: README.md

* [Matrix](http://matrix.org/) is an open standard for decentralised communication, providing simple HTTP APIs and open source reference implementations for securely distributing and persisting JSON over an open federation of servers. You can use Matrix for any project where you need a common data fabric to link together fragmented silos of communication.
* [cabal](http://cabal.chat) is a distributed chat platform built ontop of dat's foundational technologies. It's like IRC except you have backscroll when you join, and there are no servers. There is currently a [nodejs library](https://github.com/cabal-club/cabal-core), a [terminal client](https://github.com/cabal-club/cabal), a [desktop client](https://github.com/cabal-club/cabal-desktop), and an experimental [mobile client](https://github.com/cabal-club/cabal-mobile).

> * [Delta Chat](https://delta.chat) is a free software chat application and eco system based on IMAP and SMTP, which leverages end-to-end encryption via [autocrypt](https://autocrypt.org/). It piggybacks on top of the huge already existing email infrastructure. All you need to get started is an email address. There's a client for Android and clients for iOS and desktop in the works. Follow the development on the [GitHub page](https://github.com/deltachat).

Reviewer: s/eco system/ecosystem/ afaik
```suggestion
* [Delta Chat](https://delta.chat) is a free software chat application and ecosystem based on IMAP and SMTP, which leverages end-to-end encryption via [autocrypt](https://autocrypt.org/). It piggybacks on top of the huge, already existing email infrastructure. All you need to get started is an email address. There's a client for Android and clients for iOS and desktop in the works. Follow the development on the [GitHub page](https://github.com/deltachat).
```

Author: @flub Thanks! Fixed.
